You're going, you are going to that hot pot restaurant right? Yeah...
mmh
They eat a lot of pork, right? Isn't that their favorite? Isn't that sort of the number one?
meat in China is pork.
And duck.
That's why you get bird flu coming from China, because they got ducks and...
When you have ducks and pigs in water together, it actually creates new kinds of flu.
Yeah. Yeah. You didn't hear that?
Yeah, I've watched a documentary about that like about 23 years ago, how like
germs flew them like they get together then create and come through their fly.
Every year they um... take swabs from
from a migrating birds, and they can predict what the flu is gonna
from taking samples from the bird.
Yeah. Truly. That's why all the flu viruses
come from China because they develop when you have pigs.
water and birds. And keep multiplying
But, but it's the birds, the pigs, and the water that create the new virus together.
Isn't that strange? Yeah. Look it up on Google.
You'll have to pay for that yourself.
Like street vendors?
But you know in LA the street vendors they have to have licenses.
And they have to get their carts checked and all this kind of stuff and their food trucks.
Every, every so often they get inspected.
So, just like restaurants.
Pretending like they were new.
Yeah. And you can't use ice either. Because the ice can also be um...
Yeah. coz because it's not been boiled.
Whatever makes you sick is still in the ice, so when it melts into your drink, even if you got like...
like a drink out of a soda pop can or whatever
that would be okay but the ice will contaminate your drink and
Mexico contain... Yeah. That's why they call with magic mineral
vendor something?
In Mexico it's, yeah, if you're not into the water.
And whatever kind you eat in there, It's in the ice.
So if you're in an unfamiliar place, you should always ask for no ice.
no ice and no drink.
I've been around.
I haven't got sick because I know all that stuff.
that could get in your mouth?
Bottle of water to brush your teeth right?
Yeah.
Oh.